Hello Connections,

I am thrilled to share with you that I have successfully completed my first task as an Cloud Computing Intern. I have made this project is entitled Bus Ticket Reservation System. this project was developed using PHP Language. 
This project is a simple ticket booking/reservation system that uses Semantic UI for the front-end and MySQL Database. 
The system automatically generates the Reference number of the Reservation and displays the reservation form step by step. 
This system has 2 side of user interface which is the Admin Panel and the Users Side. 
The Admin Panel list all the bookings or reservation and the admin user can reject the reservation. 
This Online Ticketing Reservation System generates a printable ticket.
This project is free to download. Feel Free to download and modify the source code the way you desire. 
You might find something useful from this project and learn something for your own projects. 
This project was developed using PHP, MySQL Database, HTML, CSS, Javascript (jQuery and Ajax), and Semantic UI for the design.

Features
Admin Panel

List All Reservations/Bookings
Reject Reservation
Users Side

Automatic Generate Reference Number
Re-Print Tickets
Reserve Ticket
Generate Printable Ticket
How it Works
First, the user/client must wait until the Reference Number generation is done.
The user will click the "Done! Proceed" button to reserve a ticket.
The user must fill in his/her "Travelling and Booking Information".
Next, he/she must fill in the "Contact Information Details" Form.
The user will select his/her method of payment for the "Payment and Verification" step.
Then, the user will review and confirm what he/she provided.
Lastly, Print the generated ticket.
How to Run
Requirements

Download and Install any local web server such as XAMPP/WAMP.
Download the provided source code zip file. (download button is located below)
Installation/Setup

Open your XAMPP/WAMP's Control Panel and start the "Apache" and "MySQL".
Extract the downloaded source code file.
If you are using XAMPP, copy the extracted source code folder and paste it into the XAMPP's "htdocs" directory. And If you are using WAMP, paste it into the "www" directory.
Browse the PHPMyAdmin in a browser. i.e. http://localhost/phpmyadmin
Create a new database naming "booking_db".
Import the provided SQL file. The file is known as "booking_db.sql" located inside the "dbengine" folder.
Browse the Modern Ticket Reservation System in a browser. i.e. http://localhost/Bus_Ticket_Reservation_system
Admin Access
Username: admin
Password: Vishyy@123